Oxytocin has an important role in many aspects of human's behaviors, oxytocin is not unique to women, men and women will secrete oxytocin, so I now have a new understanding of oxytocin.
The effect of oxytocin on interpersonal relationships may be a significant finding that, through oxytocin, the relationship between people can become more intimate and trust
Can really bring a certain degree of trust effect, but can not be completely determined, can only wait for the results! I believe that will promote the interpersonal realtionships!
Oxytocin can make people more trust and trust, can make people more generous, improve people's social feelings and social adaptability, also play a role in the parent-child, the video that oxytocin is a moral, according to their experiments The results of view, the feeling is quite reasonable, so to speak, oxytocin seems quite useful.
Oxytocin can promote the mother to take care of the baby, oxytocin can reduce the fear, anxiety and other emotions, and promote the interpersonal trust, people more active participation in social activities. Oxytocin can only produce mammals, both men and women.
Oxytocin is not very understanding,  that oxytocin may more useful for women it, for men, the specific role is not very clear.
Oxytocin is a material that can be produced by men and women, which gives rise to more trust, which makes people more harmonious in their lives and relationships, so that people are more trusting each other, more close, generous, social Life is more smooth, can make us feel more warm and happier
Oxytocin has the ability to produce trust, forgiveness and understanding, can make people become more happy, if the oxytocin can be applied to real life, our world will be better
Oxytocin need to have the correct scientific way to promote, and vigorously enhance the formal network of education and publicity. General practitioners on the level of oxytocin, pregnant women, etc. to be highly publicized
The whole process of feeling uncomfortable, this kind of thing to use when used, should not be used when no, no special, if not necessary, of course not the best
If you can apply the oxytocin in a scientific way, it might help to improve the degree of  interpersonal trust, reduce people's depression, anxiety, can be good for interpersonal relationships and social relationships.
The more trust showing, the more oxytocin generating, the more happy people will be, positive and have good relationships with the surrounding colleagues, friends get along more harmonious, there is the trust of people is also stronger
Very practical, later believe will be good, I hope everyone can see from the experiment can learn a lot of knowledge, so I understand a lot of really good, useful knowledge
Oxytocin is a mammalian hormone that secures itself in the hypothalamus and neurons. For women, it can cause uterine contractions during childbirth, stimulating milk discharge
The oxytocin Can make people easier to get close interpersonal relationship, trust, happy, eliminate or reduce depression, fear of psychological phenomena, make society more harmonious and beautiful, it is amazing things!
Oxytocin makes people feel mutual trust, mutual trust is a very important, and I feel that these factors do make people feel very fit, and I feel we should enhance the intensity to study oxytocin.
Oxytocin is both men and women will secrete hormones, oxytocin related to the interpersonal trust, attachment, and the associations with our society. The intranasal oxytocin can generate more trust, and for the country, everyone trusts each other, and the transactions between them will be frequent and ultimately the prosperity of the whole country.
My view is: oxytocin just like new products, but it was still not showd in the market, dose it have some negative effects? The former stage is talking about its role. Hope it helps you!
Not female have oxytocin, but the male also shared it.  oxytocin regulation of emotions, the role of the same as the importance of male, oxytocin research to help people to construct interpersonal relationship. Oxytocin is calm, not sure understand it or not, but that oxytocin effect on men's estrogen, so that the make the their personality more nice? According to the conclusions given in the article.
The use of oxytocin is a very professional and flexible process that should be performed by a full-time doctor, but as a prospective mother and family is best to understand the use of oxytocin, be aware of the number, and will not see the doctor Mother when the injection, but also afraid to ask. Use oxytocin to pay attention to the following.
It seems that oxytocin has a very important effect on individual behavior, for example, oxytocin can make the relationship between husband and wife more harmonious, trust, etc., even for relationship between strangers, because oxytocin results may make people have closer interpersonal distance, but oxytocin seems to be very magical things, and  the negative effect of the oxytocin is hard to say, personally I think that mutual trust is the results of long-term social interaction, and can not dependent on drugs.
I think the oxytocin can be understood as an element that affects human feelings, but rely on oxytocin to improve the trust between people is a bit unbelievable. Improve the human morality can not rely entirely on oxytocin, but also rely on the quality of personal. The oxytocin can serve as a supplymentary role.
Oxytocin, also known as "oxytocin", is a "prenatal induction of labor, production in the oxytocin, postpartum prolactin, hemostasis" role of hormones. Oxytocin can also reduce the body's adrenaline and other levels of stress hormones, play a role in lowering blood pressure. In addition, the study shows that when people are in a cheerful or have a strong sense of belonging, the heart will produce oxytocin, the body of a large number of oxygen supply enhance, with the role of reducing stress.
the oxytocin seems so magic, but I do not know the mechanism of this, something I do not understand, hope to be detailed, would these studies will be applyed in real life?
Oxytocin is not only used for female production and production, but also has a significant function in scientific research, but can not be used for illegal purposes, otherwise it will suffer infinite.
Oxytocin can promote the interpersonal relationship, can make people more trust with each other, keep close distance with each other, have better understanding and showing more respect for other. Daily 8 hugs will enhance the level of oxytociun and make people more happy
Personally, I think oxytocin can improve interpersonal communication and interpersonal trust, this is very important, only people trust each other, this society can be more beautiful, I support your research.
People and people on the definition of security is not the same, I understand the birth of the word, from the word solution reminders "is to speed up the meaning of" life "refers to the vitality of life. Speed ??up the delivery speed, reduce the delivery time. Let the fetus can be born faster .If the fear of childbirth for a long time too painful want to play the needle, to determine the mother and the child in all the normal circumstances, then do not fight because of childbirth But also an important process before birth, the saying goes melon landing, is the best to have to play the so-called oxytocin for the mother or the child must have more or less affected, which will be reflected in the future will be physiological or heart to Some of the online says that there is no effect on the production of the needle, which is still not found. Of course, the mother or the fetus has some bad side; overdue production days; childbirth time is too long for a long time not yet born signs; these conditions harm the fetus And the mother, I feel that it can follow its natural to go with the flow, but for the rapid development of science today, the new factor is a new security measures "
Oxytocin can indefinitely decrased the interpersonal distance,and can enhance the trust, but for the fixed shape of the concept and values ??do not have much impact, to a certain extent, oxytocin also can release the fear mood
Oxytocin impression has always felt that things are related to women, the understanding of oxytocin has always been literally, I am so interested in the funtion of the oxytocin in materials, expected the application of oxytocin!
The use of oxytocin must be in the regular hospital by a full-time doctor, and the need for full supervision of doctors to avoid improper due to oxytocin caused by uterine hypoxia, enhance fetal distress, affecting mothers and fetus life and health and other circumstances.
Oxytocin is a special drug, research shows that had positive role in many aspects, how to use oxytocin this special material to make it play a greater role is very important thing.
oxytocin may be a drug to accelerate the expression of people's affective feeling or emotion, the oxytocin can make brain produce more oxytocin when people have social interaction with each other, so it's easy to make people more happy and more harmounious in interpersonal relationship.
Should be scientific, effective and comprehensive promotion, promotion sites for effective networks, hospitals and so on. So that more doctors and pregnant women to participate in the popularization and publicity. Appropriate in the relevant professional textbooks set up learning content
oxytocin enhance the trust between people, if we can trust, we can have 8 hugs every day, this society will be more harmonious.
Scientists have found that oxytocin can affect a person's generosity and selfishness, they call it "moral" molecule, Oxytocin can enhance compassion, and if the chemical is suppressed on someone, then he will be more selfish.
oxytocin is commonly found in the mammalian body, in early time, it always was thought to be production related, the study found not only, it can produce a variety of empathy, to make people more positive and optimistic, and make people show more trust for others and confidence, help people feel better.
People with high oxytocin level are more caring, more friendly, trust in others. According to the characteristics of oxytocin, you can through the rational use of oxytocin to help the treatment of mental illness, so that people will have more harmonious life.
Oxytocin, also known as moral molecules,it can modulated the interpersonal relationship and interpersonal trust. 
Oxytocin is the love of hormones, oxytocin is not only a process to accelerate the process of hormones, in fact, both men and women will produce oxytocin.
oxytocin have a so magic effects, but if it was used for bad guy,there were be more one good guy in the world.
oxytocin enhance the interpersonal relationship, but the relationship between the establishment of this drug is not reliable, and each person is willing to share with others based on they have rich life,If their own material life can not be satisfied, then most of them will not share
Can make people trust each other, promote cooperation, and make that family harmony to promote social harmony and stability. A very good experiment, hoping it will contribute to the peace of the world.
Oxytocin can affect a person's generosity or selfishness, and scientists find oxytics as moralists. "Oxytocin can enhance compassion, and if the chemical is suppressed on someone, then he will be more selfish Character. Oxytocin related with the long term romantic elationship between loves "
Oxytocin is a kind of hormone that men and women will secrete, it can make us more trust each other, let us happy to share, when oxytocin secretion enhances, we will produce some positive physiological behavior and so on
The trust between people does not have to rely on artificial intake of oxytocin, should be based on the basis of trust. The mutual trust between people should be based on a perfect constitution.
The use of oxytocin can enhance the trust between people, and can enhance the exchange between people, this moral, can make people's lives can be better, such moral elements should be a lot of use
Oxytocin may have an impact on the trust between people, but I think trust is not overnight, it takes time to accumulate, the experiment is mainly related to money, but this is another premise, the investor's money is given I think the experiment lacks strong evidence, this is my point of view.
Oxytocin can promote the trust between people, and the more trust the country the general economy is relatively developed, poor countries generally do not trust, oxytocin is not only in women, men also have, in general, higher level of oxytocin indicated the person will have higher trust, the higher the general case you talk to your family or girlfriend
Appropriate oxytocin will make the interpersonal realtionship more intimate, and the trust between people will enhance, so that interpersonal social interaction will become more smooth and efficient. But at the same time, excessive oxytocin will produce undesirable effects. Will produce resentment or even anger behavior. So it is necessary to moderate as well.
Oxytocin can affect a person's generosity or selfishness, scientists say oxytocin as "moral". Oxytocin can enhance empathy, oxytocin related to the long-term intimate relationship between lovers.
Oxytocin can help people to better communicate, promote people's exchanges, affect people's cooperative behavior, so that people can have more trust, better cooperation, in social interaction plays a positive role.
Through the above materials let me re-understanding of oxytocin, oxytocin is a mammalian hormone, not only women are unique, in fact, everyone has, each person's oxytocin are not the same, different scenes, different time secretion of oxytocin Su is not the same, oxytocin can enhance the trust of people.
oxytocin can promote people to the good, as the video said, one day eight hugs, from the individual to promote upward sunshine to take the initiative to enhance the oxytocin production, enhance the optimistic good experience. Of course, happiness can be passed, sad can also be infected, so in the completion of eight hugs individual promotion at the same time, the embrace will have a small enhance, so as to achieve the intention of passing happiness happy. And then the information and video are referred to nasal suction hormone way, it is not man-made universal hormone, and even the whole earth shrouded in oxytocin, we will be able to complete the world Datong, the so-called heaven on the goal? (Laughing, because it is to conquer the kingdom of heaven, so the word on the earth is very smooth) behind the two graphs contrast, although the test trust, but should be a great relationship with the personal character, the feeling of bedding in front did not affect me , Or a sense of distance from a stranger and self-protection, to self-experience to choose, will not choose too close. And the second half with two people to a third party to experience, not only test the sense of trust, but also test the individual character, for example, I will consider the position and the feelings of third parties to choose, of course, most of the election distance. Summary, although the oxytocin has a positive effect, but the human reason or not completely make people do violations of personality behavior, I do not know the so-called high-dose is effective, whether to change human nature, uh, think of heaven on earth. Fantasy full life in the oxytocin environment scene.
Oxytocin is a mammalian hormone that can be secreted in the hypothalamus "paraventricular nucleus" and "supraoptic nucleus" neurons. For women, it can cause uterine contractions during childbirth, stimulating milk discharge (rather than secretion). In addition, it can reduce the human body adrenaline and other levels of pressure hormones to lower blood pressure. It is not a woman's patent, both men and women can be secreted.
Oxytocin may promote the trust between people, there may be through the impact of people's feelings and achieve their goals, people are always happy when the better get along. Oxytocin make people more warn, so that we have a better attitude. So the role of oxytocin is still very influential.
Oxytocin is a chemical substance produced by the brain that enhances interpersonal relationship. It is not only women will produce when production, men will. oxytocin can decrased the interpersonal distance, such as friends, lovers, between parents and so on, can make people trust each other or attachment
Oxytocin is a relatively "positive" substance that will make people feel close to others, and show trust for others, seems to make interpersonal relationships become more beautiful.
if male with relationship sniffed the oxytocin, they will keep far interpersonal distance with others, had slow response for the attractive female.
men and women will produce oxytocin, oxytocin is a trust molecule,higher level of oxytocin can make people showing more trust to other, more willing to share something. Couple who with higher oxytocin can get along better, areas more wealth, the trade will be more. Maybe the after sniffing the oxytocin, I will feel better.
May enhance the trust between people, improve people's affinity, in addition may be able to alleviate people's anxiety and fear, people become friendly at the same time easier to get happiness.
The first time that the impact of oxytocin on the interpersonal relationship, previously only know that is used for pregnant women produce. in this experiment, I have different comprehension for the results in raising head or bow the head, the distance lead my decision.
The distance must influence the psychological process of people, no matter the object was chair, people. The distance between the chairs was highly related with the soft and safe. 
Oxytocin can enhance the mutual trust between people, make people more positive and optimistic, promoters of pro-social behavior, based on the effect of oxytocin can be applied in the treatment of some mental disorder patients, such as improving the state of autism , To promote interpersonal communication between people, to promote friendship, to play a greater value.
"
Oxytocin, is mainly used for induction of labor. Oxytocin is a hormone produced by the brain, can enhance the care between mother and child to establish a mother and child contact. In addition, it can reduce the human body adrenaline and other levels of pressure hormones to lower blood pressure. When the mood is cheerful or have a strong sense of belonging, the heart will secrete oxytocin, the pressure is also soothing. "
"
Oxytocin is very important for the emotion and mental health of human beings. both men and women will secrete oxytocin,  people with higher oxytocin will become more confident, more likely to believe and trust others, easier to integrate into the collective activities, and help the team Activities and collaboration."
Human is the only perfect moral and emotional creatures, whether there is a moral molecule, this thing may be oxytocin, which is an ancient chemical molecules, only in mammals can be found. Oxytocin may be a moral, it allows us to empathy for others, so that the human brain produce oxytocin, a professor said: eight hugs every day, will make people more happy, because people with higher secretion of oxytocin will be more happy , The reason why happy, because they have general healthy interpersonal relationship.
"
oxytocin promote the interpersonal trust, people who sniffed oxytocin hope to have more interpersonal contact, enhance their trust, so it was a process without considerting any reciprocity. But from the materials, the study about oxytocin is only related experiment, not provide more convincing materials."
"
In my opinion, oxytocin promote the trust or the attitute to strangers. Less social interaction is not good, oxytocin like the lubricant to promote the interpersonal relationship."
"
Oxytocin can enhance the trust of each other, but does not affect the subjective judgment between each other. Before watching the video, personally think that oxytocin will be like the movie ""real fruit"", ""real medicine"" like drugs, but after reading the video and the latter material, I think, although oxytocin can enhance this Trust, can bring more cooperation for teamwork, but it is not omnipotent, it will not affect the individual's subjective sense of judgment. Of course, this is from the material to understand, what is the real oxytocin exists, what characteristics also need rational scientific research."
I know oxytocin is not only women will have, men will have oxytocin. Oxytocin can affect many aspects of our behavior. Oxytocin may have a positive effect on human social behavior.
Oxytocin help to enhance the trust, nasal oxytocin can reduce anxiety, high anxiety secreted less oxytocin than low level of anxiety . I think you can put the oxytocin appropriate in the psychological treatment
The closer the distance, the stronger the hormones, the more pronounced the effect of oxytocin. The farther away, the weaker the hormones, and the effect of oxytocin is not obvious.
oxytocin affect the emotion and behavior of human behaviors. we should learn more and study it, and apply the outcome to our daily life such as social interaction, economic activity. The oxytocin also can promote the interpersonal relationship, even for the friendship between two countries. I have high expectation about the applications of oxytocin in the social life.
I have nerver thought that the hormone producted by female can have so highly relationship with the moral, I am so surprised that the researcher had so preciseness experiment. But I think the mental of human beings is very complex, can the oxytocin effect?
Oxytocin not only women have, men and women can be secreted. For lactation, the female in the role of oxytocin continue to secrete milk, stored in the breast. Oxytocin can also promote uterine contraction, enhance uterine tolerance to oxytocin. In terms of emotions, oxytocin can help introverted shy people overcome their shyness. When the mood is good, the heart will secrete oxytocin. The secretion of oxytocin is mainly mediated by nerve reflex.
Oxytocin is not only suitable for women but men, and after use is also conducive to enhance the interpersonal trust
Oxytocin can improve the individual's understanding of emotions, empathy and facial expressions, and the combination of social skills may bring the most significant improvement, "Dr. Mark Weiser, director of the Department of Psychiatry at Tel Aviv University in Israel," but we got the results is, for schizophrenic individuals, oxytocin does not help improve social function. "Oxytocin can improve the social behavior of autistic patients, and schizophrenia and autism similar to patients with the same significant social function disorder;
Oxytocin has a positive psychological meaning, people have the motivation to treat others have a trust, may be out of kindness. In real life, perhaps oxytocin is an indispensable element.
Oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, can adjust the mood, make people happy, in their daily lives can be through social interaction to enhance the level of oxytocin
Oxytocin is a chemical hormone to enhance the interpersonal trust, the trust between people may be related to the level of oxytocin. In the process of interpersonal communication, the degree of trust, the corresponding level of oxytocin on both sides of the human body is gradually increasing, but also correspondingly reflected in the moral level above.
Through the discovery of oxytocin, if it is true, will greatly improve the social harmony and happiness. Everyone's may hope that the world is better than ugly. If oxytocin can achieve this, it is epoch-making.
Through learning from the experimental task, know the oxytocin is not only from female but male, and oxytocin can also enhance the interpersonal trust, and can treat some depression, irritability, etc. , Is a useful hormone for human society.
The degree of awareness between the two people and the character of each other will affect the production of oxytocin, each person to show each other emotions such as a smile for strangers is more likely to produce oxytocin, if the expression is serious or show displeasure will reduce the production of oxytocin. Personally think that the production of oxytocin was related with person's cognitive, environment.
The more the oxytocin produced, the closer the interpersonal distance between people; oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, everyone need to keep this trust.
oxytocin not only produced by female but male.oxytocin affect the interpersonal relationships, emotions, trust and so have a positive role in mastering.revealing the mechanism of oxytocin will assert positive influence for the human society. oxytocin also have effect on some mental illness (such as depression, etc.)
Any person must maintain a certain distance, the strength of the distance will make people get anxious. But to maintain a approprite distance will put this feeling of tension and anxiety weakened. I prefer to keep a certain distance from others.
Oxytocin is not just producted by the women but aslo men. Oxytocin can enhance interpersonal trust, can make people more generous, but do not know is not true
Oxytocin is not only produced by female but male, oxytocin plays an important role in regulating people's moral. oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, make people prefer closer social distance, can make people more generous and more willing to cooperate; on this basis, the community will be more harmonious, so that life will be more pleasant. At the same time, oxytocin have the treatment effect on depression, anxiety, autism and other mental illness.
oxytocin may be more suitable for someone are shy.
Research is a very difficult thing, but fortunately there is such a big progress now, oxytocin will reduce the pressure to suppress the pain, can make the life better.
Oxytocin is a hormone secreted by the human brain, have effect on people's interpersonal trust. people would have higher level of oxytocin when they in front of the trustworthness one, if their oxytocin is more people more likely to share their own happiness and benefits, so also easier to get happy.
Oxytocin plays an important role in human social behavior. There is a clear distinction between the person who injects oxytocin in the experiment and the person who does not spray, and the person who sprayed oxytocin are more likely to trust others and more brave. This shows that oxytocin has a good effect on human social behavior, benefits in promoting the interpersonal relationship. May be the oxytocin can have clinical implication on children with autism?
Oxytocin is a kind of trust-related material produced by the human, whether men and women will produce. Oxytocin influence the interpersonal trust, the more trust others, the higher level the oxytocin in body.
Not only women can produce oxytocin, men also produce oxytocin, but the general female oxytocin level is higher than men. Oxytocin will affect people's social behavior and the degree of interpersonal trust and the higher the content of oxytocin, the higher the degree of trust between people, and vice versa. The enhance in oxytocin is conducive to social harmony, is conducive to better communication between people, reduce the contradiction between people to maintain a good interpersonal relationship between contacts. Studies have shown that oxytocin is an important factor in establishing intimate dependencies between mothers and infants and is an important factor in establishing trust and trust between adults.
Not only women can produce oxytocin, men also produce oxytocin, but the general female oxytocin level is higher than men. Oxytocin will affect people's behavior and the degree of trust between people and the higher the content of oxytocin, the higher the degree of trust between people, and vice versa. The enhance in oxytocin is conducive to social harmony, is conducive to better communication between people, reduce the contradiction between people to maintain a good relationship between contacts. Studies have shown that oxytocin is an important factor in establishing intimate dependencies between mothers and infants and is an important factor in establishing trust and trust between adults.
Oxytocin is a hormone, both men and women will have it. Oxytocin influence the emotion and promote the interpersonal relationship, people with higher level of oxytocin will happier.
Oxytocin is a moral molecule, it is unique to mammals, in addition to girls have, boys have the same oxytocin, it can control people's emotions, people become more honest, oxytocin more people, the more happy
Scientific and reasonable oxytocin is useful for our lives. In real life oxytocin need to continue to promote and promote the positive, and the form of science education is important, I believe that more and more people will understand the importance of oxytocin
Exogenous oxytocin can reduce people's anxiety and fear, enhance the interpersonal trust and generosity between people, enhance the well-being, oxytocin can be enhance by nasal inhalation
Oxytocin is a mammalian hormone, it is not a woman's patent, both men and women can be secreted. Scientists have found that oxytocin can affect a person's generosity or selfishness, and improve people's interpersonal trust
In the previous materials, oxytocin is a hormone that produces hormones that can promote the production of wound healing. At the same time, the video and the preceding text say oxytocin is a kind of trusting molecule that can greatly enhance the interpersonal trust. When people make a certain trust behavior, if the  production of oxytocin enhance, then will enhance the interpersonal trust, and vice versa when people communicate with people who can be trusted, their oxytocin level will higher than communicate with strangers.
Oxytocin is common to everyone, by stimulating the nerves to make individuals to have empathy and social interactions with others. That is potential to stimulate positive, kind, selfless of human-beings. These emotions are based on the enhance sense of interpersonal trust after oxytocin stimulation. In addition, the effect of oxytocin have individual difference. Finally, the environment can aslo influence the level of oxytocin, such as: people who live in the warm society will produce more oxytocin, so will have higher trust and well being.
Oxytocin can promote interpersonal relationships, generate more interpersonal trust and closeness, make your life more beautiful, people will have more happiness, oxytocin also have modulation effect and treatment effect on the emotional diseas, so that this The world no longer has so much indifference.
Oxytocin can make people more friendly, enhance the interpersonal trust, reduce individual anxiety, fear, etc., to adjust interpersonal relationships. Oxytocin is a neurotransmitter that can be released from the various parts of the neuronal cell membrane, affecting many parts of the brain, and then regulate people's behavior, such as sexual behavior, interpersonal relationships and social cognition.
8 hugs a day can produce oxytocin, then we will have more hug every day, if the oxytocin was made as drugs for those who are abnormal, the society will not be more stable
oxytocin can improve the interpersonal trust, in a variety of scenes can make us more willing to help others, oxytocin can make people more closely connected with each other, and the oxytocin will also promote many kinds of interpersonal relationship.
oxytocin can improve people's willingness to social interaction, improve people's trust in others, people are more willing to keep close social distance with others. Perhaps later can be used to help people with difficulties in social interaction and with autism
Oxytocin not only produced by women but men. Oxytocin may be a moral molecule that enhances its secretion when people are in contact with or communicate with others. In the experiment, when people intranasally sniffed the oxytocin, and then play with others, they will behave more trust behavior, become more generous, and even suffered betrayal also still trust others. It is important to study oxytocin to enhance the interpersonal trust, which is very meaningful for development of society.
"
Oxytocin high related to the morality. A high level of oxytocin will promote individuals to have interpersonal trust and feel higher satisfication. If everyone had high level of oxytocin, the well being of whole society will be enhance."
From the video I learned that oxytocin is a mammalian hormone that can affect a person's generosity or selfishness.oxytocin is only exposed to the "right" people work: when people comes into social interaction with the more familiar people, then oxytocin will make him better at communication; but if it is strangers, oxytocin will have no effect. In addition, oxytocin supplementation can also alleviate the symptoms of patients with chronic headache. So, I think oxytocin is a key material in the human body, with high scientific value. But I also have oxytocin really have the effect of the above questions, feeling the uncertainty of many experimental factors, it is difficult to rule out the role of other substances is not.
Oxytocin is a hormone secreted by human-beings, which in our society can enhance the interpersonal trust, can effectively promote social interaction, and social media can promote the secretion of oxytocin
Oxytocin,in addition to peripheral effects, as a neurotransmitter in the human body to play an important role. The secretion of oxytocin will affect human social activities, because a greater amount of oxytocin can enhance interpersonal communication in the degree of mutual trust and intimacy. So it can be called its 'trust molecule' or 'moral molecule'.
Oxytocin can influence people's social behavior, make people more generous, more willing to social interaction. But it is not rational to make a decision blindly. I don't know whether the oxytocin had negative effect.
Oxytocin is a biomolecule, and moral molecule.both men and women had it, oxytocin affect people's interpersonal skills, especially the interpersonal trust. When I was participated in the experiment, the beginning of the inhalation of this material, research shows that this material will make me more believe that teammates with the fact that it is true, I am basically satisfied with the teammates.
oxytocin is a neurotransmitter which can promote the interpersonal trust, people who sniffed the oxytocin will have less betrayal behavior, and the oxytocin can be produced by the male and female.
Oxytocin can generate interpersonal trust and interpersonal attachment, to make the community more love and harmony. People who use social media will generally have higher level of oxytocin, they are more willing to cooperate with people, dedication and sharing. Oxytocin can be inhaled into the brain from the nasal cavity, of course, enhance the body's friendly contact with others also help you secrete more oxytocin.
Oxytocin is present only in mammals, both male and female can be secreted, oxytocin can strengthen the trust between people, when someone's body of oxytocin levels rise, he is more willing to show the friendness to others, which help him adapt the society.
oxytocin produced by human, and can affect the psychological state of people, oxytocin will enhance the interpersonal trust.
oxytocin is a kind of moral molecule that can make people in a one-way interest, such as money, more generous and more willing to share, it can make this society better.
Scientific progress is really fast, which found a so critical substance that actually directly to the human moral behaviors, oxytocin is really magical I think the future in the treatment of autism, anxiety and other diseases can be considered in the drug by adding oxytocin ingredients. Can also be in the field of criminal education and other moral education for criminals as an external auxiliary medicine.
Oxytocin is a kind of hormone that is unique to mammals and exists between men and women.It make people had interpersonal trust and enhance trustworthiness, and social wealth can be obtained in this process.thus eliminating poverty; but how long does oxytocin take place? How long can it exist? Inhalation of oxytocin, the trust between people can survive how long? Does it have a negative long-term impact on the human brain? These are unknown, so the artificial batch of the manufacture and use of oxytocin is really conducive to strengthening the exchange and interpersonal trust, will not have the opposite effect, to be verified ... ...
Oxytocin is a hormone secreted by mammals, of course, the first to find the role in the reproductive process. . The first performance of oxytocin is for the female care cubs, the difficulties encountered when the reaction determines whether the survival of young pups.if the oxytocin can help mother better protect and nurture their children, so leads to the interpersonal relationship between people. The experiment focused on the test of men, after all, the oxytocin may be so necessary for male. Of course, if oxytocin has an impact on human behavior, it should of course prove its role in men and should be more pronounced. I think, if the research is really successful, oxytocin will not be an indispensable tool for later fraud, because, moral, empathy, reduce anxiety, these seem to let us in society more put down the alert and become generous. Will there be such an experiment, oxytocin subjects are more likely to be deceived?
Oxytocin is not only related to the production of women but men, oxytocin can improve people's happiness, moral standards, people and others desire to social interaction more strongly, become more generous
in addition to its peripheral role, oxytocin's effect in the community is more reflected in its enhance the interpersonal trust and generous. It also make the interpersonal distance closer, but does not affect people's normal degree of rational judgment. Through the video and materials I understand some of the role of oxytocin, but it does not affect me to doubt others, on the contrary, I learned through these why people will be more intimate, but also hope that they can use reasonable action to narrow the social distance of people.
This is a very important thing in the human body. more research on this aspect of the content may be on the community and human beings have some help.
oxytocin like a hormone. Can be naturally produced in the brain, control the role of female mammalian milk secretion. In addition, the vitamins on human emotions have a close impact on the role of his mechanism is very subtle, research results can be very good in the future application.
oxytocin can be producted by human brain, the higher level of oxytocin, more friendly. But many people did not know these. I hope everyone should be honest and friendly, and the world will be better.
Oxytocin is not only used in the production, but also to change a lot of human social behavior, such as interpersonal relationships, which is amazing, oxytocin can make people more friendly, playing a positive role to social stability
I have less knowledge about the oxytocin, after reading the material that today's society really need oxytocin,oxytocin will enhance the interpersonal relationship, will be happier.
Where the human emotions come from, the video and the material gave a good answer. Any thing is not no source, I believe that all kinds of human emotions are derived from something, so does oxytocin
oxytocin also known as the love hormones, is the spirit of a kind of interpersonal communication, nasal spray oxytocin and no oxytocin is the difference between the former can be more close with the opposite sex, more trust, oxytocin is not only produced by women.
Oxytocin is not only in the presence of a female but also men. Oxytocin has an important role in promoting interpersonal trust, attachment, parent-child relationship and so on. It also has a very important role on interpersonal harmony, social harmony.
If the method of physical can be used to slove the interpersonal trust and moral, thus lead to big progress on moral status of human-beings, which will be big step in human history.
oxytocin can be producted by male and female, and oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust,so that society has become harmonious, the country becomes rich and strong
Oxytocin is not only a hormone that accelerates the production process, it also has a positive effect on the regulation of individual's social behavior, can promote cross-species friendship, because the role of oxytocin in promoting intimate relationships, often known as "love Of the hormones ". It allows individuals to show more prosocial behavior, and low levels of oxytocin is easy to depression, anxiety and autism and other mental illness.
I think oxytocin can bring more happiness, it can affect people's brains, it likes moral molecule, to make people more willing to give others' help, it is like a trust molecule, people with high level of oxytocin will easier to happy, and more trustworthiness
The above video includes the article indicated that oxytocin is not only produced in women, but also men, and oxytocin or trust molecules, moral molecules, can make people closer and trust each other. Through the experiment in the video also illustrates this point, really good, but whether the oxytocin is harmful to people, is the trust between people to rely on oxytocin to do it, if it can be native, would be better.
Oxytocin can breathe into the body through the nose, oxytocin can make people more moral. So that the communication of couples more harmonious, reduce quarrel, people and strangers have a sense of trust.
The role of oxytocin is to some extent beneficial to humans, can help man through some difficulties or problems; but everything has its two sides, we see it in the beneficial side, but also think of its negative side.
Oxytocin in the promotion of intimate relationship on the role, often known as the "love of the hormone". It allows individuals to show more pro-social behavior, and low levels of oxytocin with depression, anxiety and autism and other mental illness. Therefore, the use of oxytocin treatment of these mental illness, is likely to be a future research direction.
I do not know that the oxytocin have so magical effect, and it also can determine the degree of loyalty, the use of oxytocin can also treat mental illness, I have learned a lot of new knowledge.
Oxytocin is a mammalian hormone. Can be in the brain under the dome and the "supraoptic nucleus" neurons naturally secreted by the hypothalamic pituitary pathway nerve fibers sent to the posterior secretion. It is not a woman's patent, men and women will secrete oxytocin.
Oxytocin is not just produced by female but male, animals also have. Oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, so oxytocin is a trust molecule, a moral molecule, it will make people more closely linked.
If there is really social application value of oxytocin, good things are worth developing in the community, but can not be abused, need to have the relevant system to protect.
Oxytocin is a nine peptide composed of nine amino acid molecules, not only the existence of female groups, also exist in men. It can improve people's moral standards, people's social skills and social adaptability can be improved, everything has a good side there are bad side, oxytocin is no exception.
Oxytocin for different people will have different effects and produce a different effects. Oxytocin can also test the degree of understanding between people.
Oxytocin can affect a person's generosity or selfishness, oxytocin produced more, will make a person more sense of moral, more trust in others, more willing to interact with people.
Oxytocin is not only suitable for clinical, but also can help people reduce anxiety and fear, enhance confidence, help to overcome autism, can be extended to a broader business environment. For example, spraying some oxytocin in the restaurant can act to calm the mood of the consumer, which, if used as another form of "tear gas", is used to stir up trouble, mood.
oxytocin can enhance prosocial behavior, such as altruism, generosity, compassion, and make us more trusting others. And this social cognitive impact is through the frontal lobe and the edge of the cerebral cortex circuit generated, the fear, anxiety, stress and other social suppression factor to eliminate. In addition to being a chemical that seems to be able to produce love, it may be responsible for the breakdown of love and the failure of the relationship. Oxytocin can strengthen love, promote social interaction, but also active in the brain painful emotional memory also played an important role. They found that after a negative or heavy experience, this hormone will enhance people's fear of fear and anxiety.
Oxytocin how to prevail with the prevailing effect of pheromones seemingly similar to the meaning of oxytocin makes people's feelings better? I am skeptical. If so, then everyone's oxytocin is the same? 100 people at the same time inhalation oxytocin, it will let 100 people had no acquaintance, to have mutual trust? That this thing is terrible it, if the thief or other bad guys took, I will be inexplicably trust him, and then they cheat money? It was ridiculous. Mankind after such a long time, so that they learn to judge, but because of such a oxytocin with the drug in the same, lost the benchmark and judgments, so really okay? Anyway, I did not see the benefits, see the risk. Of course, what is the patient for depression, this is good.
For the oxytocin has been literally understanding, has always thought that oxytocin is only something related to women, read the above materials, was surprised to find oxytocin has other functions, the current social crisis is more serious , if the oxytocin really miraculous, it can be universal, at least to reduce the crisis caused by a series of problems
Oxytocin is produced by the body itself and produced in a specific context. It is first found in women to reflect the response of the human body and emotions in the environment. It can help people get along with each other and make people Happy, able to make people more friendly with other people.
"Oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, through the above article and video, humans can pass

Nasal inhalation oxytocin, inhalation oxytocin can show more trust for others, but also can be more friendly to get along with others,which can promote the cooperation and unity of a country. "
does the oxytocin be suitable for someone who are shy or have social phobia? Does the oxytocin reduce the fear? From the knowledge of psychology, high frequency attachment can abtain trust and attachment. Would the oxytocin apply on the social conflict? If so, can it be promoted it in public service 
Oxytocin is a substance secreted by nerves. The effect of this substance is to improve the happiness of mankind.oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, make people more willing to communicate with others and gain happiness.
Very good things
the discovery has a significant significance, if the technology is mature, applied in the field of crime, then, will make the crime rate greatly reduced, but at the same time to prevent improper application!
Oxytocin is used in the right place. Appropriate usage, to develop a more advanced and more unexpected things, human-beings will move further step forward. Explore the future.
oxytocin may make things positive, his research is conducive to the promotion of social culture, understanding can also make human beings more harmonious, mutual understanding and mutual trust.
It is amazing to find that oxytocin is not only used in female childbirth, how to make themselves produce more oxytocin, which can adjust the mood, more trust, more inclusive, more harmonious.
Oxytocin, the first time to know it. Oxytocin is not just the production of hormones, oxytocin not only promote the formation of the mother's behavior, a series of social behavior has also been adjusted, oxytocin affect human normal behavior, hope that science can make a big progress, thus to change the life.
Oxytocin is usually considered to release the anxious. But the latest study reveals how oxytocin enhances the fear of sociality rather than slowing down and explains where oxytocin acts in the human central nervous system. While helping to develop new ways to help people overcome negative emotions and memory. In fact, oxytocin has been applied to the study of patients with depression in the experimental study. In the social context, understanding the dual effects of oxytocin on stimulating and slowing anxiety can be achieved by improving the method in the treatment of oxytocin to avoid stimulating the negative response to achieve better treatment outcomes.
Oxytocin need to cooperate, share, if own more, to the others on the more, if get less, give others less, do not even give, interpersonal health, more oxytocin will make people more happy
Oxytocin is a mammalian hormone, but also a drug, research shows that it can enhance the individual attachment for other individuals to enhance the interpersonal trust, which in order to enhance social capital, enhance social trust, improve the moral level opened up New psychology and medical means.
By discovering the effects of oxytocin on human behavior, we can see the root of human moral behavior. Although oxytocin does not necessarily affect people's all moral behavior, but trust as one of the most important moral, oxytocin play a vital role, and we want to control people's behavior later can find a key factor.
According to the above material, I changed the view of oxytocin, oxytocin is not what we understand before the only female, oxytocin for different sexes have a role, it is a moral molecule. The more people who secrete oxytocin, the more trust you show to others, the happier these people live.
After reading these, I think oxytocin is a good thing to have a positive effect on human society, it makes people generous, which has a very important role for social development.
Is a very valuable research project, I think it should be oxytocin really like video that can make people more friendly, enhance interpersonal relationship, and then create a better society, to create a Better world.
Oxytocin, as an important chemical substance in the human body, not only plays a role in childbirth, it also affects people in life, emotional, cognitive, behavior and so on. Oxytocin allows people to have a higher sense of trust in others, and can feel a higher happiness and so on.
The oxytocin is only the signal molecules of the brain, seems it was not useful. 
Oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, but it still studied in lab. If the oxytocin can be used in real life, may have promoting effect on the moral, economics.
oxytocin can enhance the interpersonal trust, after sniffing the oxytocin, people will show more trust for their teammates, if it was used in couples, it would reduce the quarrel. Thus the oxytocin make people trust others easier.
